Update allowed PrivateLink CIDR in inbound rules to 10.0.0.0/8 (#6849)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/aws-privatelink.md

### Prerequisites
Before you can configure AWS PrivateLink for RDS Postgres, complete the following prerequisites in your Databricks workspace:
- **Set up a Network Load Balancer (NLB) to route traffic to your Postgres database**: Segment recommends creating a NLB that has target group IP address synchronization, using a solution like AWS Lambda. 

> If any updates are made to the AZs enabled for the NLB, please let the CSM know so that we can make corresponding updates to the VPC endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If any updates are made to the Availability Zones enabled for the NLB, please let the CSM know so that we can make corresponding updates to the VPC endpoint.
```

> If any updates are made to the Availability Zones (AZs) enabled for your NLB, please let your CSM know so that we can update the AZs of your VPC endpoint.

Reviewer 2: We use "Segment" instead of we/us for clarity
```suggestion
If any updates are made to the Availability Zones (AZs) enabled for your NLB, please let your CSM know so that Segment can update the AZs of your VPC endpoint.
```

- **Configure your NLB with one of the following settings**: 

>   - Preferably, disable the **Enforce inbound rules on PrivateLink traffic** setting
>   - Alternatively, add an inbound rule that allows traffic belonging to Segment's PrivateLink/Edge CIDR: `10.0.0.0/8`

Reviewer 2: We avoid using adverbs as much as possible!
```suggestion
  - Disable the **Enforce inbound rules on PrivateLink traffic** setting
  - If you must enforce inbound rules on PrivateLink traffic, add an inbound rule that allows traffic belonging to Segment's PrivateLink/Edge CIDR: `10.0.0.0/8`
```

Before you can configure AWS PrivateLink for RDS Postgres, complete the following prerequisites in your Databricks workspace:

> - **Set up a Network Load Balancer (NLB) to route traffic to your Postgres database**: Segment recommends creating a NLB that has target group IP address synchronization, using a solution like AWS Lambda. 

Reviewer 3: Should we mention something about how if they add new AZs, they need to let us know so we can get the changes applied onto the VPC endpoint?

Author: @AnnieZhao17 Can you add a commit to this PR for this one? I am not really sure how we want to word that.

Author: I took a stab at it. Let me know if that's enough.

- **Configure your NLB with one of the following settings**: 

>   - Disable the **Enforce inbound rules on PrivateLink traffic** setting (Preferably)

Reviewer 3: Looks a bit nicer if we do `Preferably, disable the **Enforce inbound rules on PrivateLink traffic** setting`

  - Alternatively, add an inbound rule that allows traffic belonging to Segment's PrivateLink/Edge CIDR: `10.0.0.0/8`

> ### Configure PrivateLink for RDS Postgres

Reviewer 3: Can you update Postgres step 5 to say "After creating the VPC endpoint,"?

Reviewer 3: And its not letting me add a comment that far down, but for Redshift configuration step 2, can you update it to say "After you receive the Edge account id and VPC id"?
